it's pretty funny like watching my
teammates learn new items and like play
different roles like so I'm trying out
support made it's like what the
they don't even know like what the
spells do well it's the first day of
summer split I am here with Han sir
coverage presented by Omni slash to talk
a little bit about the LCS so back in
action again does it feel good it feels
great
we had like a long preseason like start
so to finally be able to play and like
use all our practice feels good yeah
what did you do because it was like two
months basically right oh well you know
right after you lost it was like all
right guys let's just take a break
everyone - don't thing and then three
and a half weeks before I'll see it
started we like we all came back start
playing so excuse for a screaming and so
we've had like a long time of practice
how do you feel - yet like what is TSM
in better form right now than they were
in spring do you think that's hard to
tell I feel like we've grown a lot over
the last few weeks in terms of how we
communicate in the game and what kind of
responsibilities we have and like having
John Greg ney coming in as well so
having like a sub jungler it's a lot of
things has changed so it's hard to
compare how does great Nick compare now
you said it's hard to compare how does
great may compare with Mike Young as you
know your experiences with him I think
he's very consistent and he's one to
play for the team and he also has no
problem voicing his opinion on what he
thinks like best yeah and the Mike
Mike's a very carry over to Gendler so
he likes to play carries and guest
resources and then follows up on the
team's calls like he's been trying to do
like more macro stuff but it's kind of
like stressing him out so he's gonna be
playing on Academy and then John's
playfellows for now what is what are the
conversations like behind the scenes
around
the meta stuff because some players
really like it I feel like this van in
particular has been very vocal online
about his distaste for the the current
meta what's your experience like for all
that well it's it's really crazy because
you know they're friends with like g2
back in Europe and then we're like
they're telling us what they're playing
and we're tell us we're telling them
what we're playing and it's like you
know today they pulled out Heimerdinger
botlane blind pick and I guess was like
no way like never never gonna play that
but you know they were willing to
play our stuff and I think it's just
difference of opinion
and like what works in the current
region like no one's really tried that
kind of stuff in na and he's like less
inclined to try because he doesn't
prefer the subs champions as well and
they're like very gimmicky and Chara and
the guy who played Hamid II is like I
want your camera I'm told so it's like
kind of normal form to pull it off do
you do you think TSM it's gonna rely on
more standard pics or is there a world
where you guys must have some crazy
stuff uh we're definitely not scared of
busting out the crazy stuff we just try
to pick what's good so usually the crazy
stuff isn't the best it's just like out
there and like hard to deal with but if
you're vegan it's a good team that you
just want like the best fix it possible
and that's kind of what we're going for
what do you do you think do you think
that all this like crazy stuff the the
unconventional picks will just sort of
go away with time that standard play
will just sort of succeed and maybe even
right well like pushed it back in that
direction no I think based on how the
game is right now and they're like the
upcoming few patches it's gonna stay
like this where certain teams just have
like their little gimmick picks like I
mean like still just like a really in
soul they play it when it's not meta and
it works out for them but yeah with what
south to Hunter I know I feel like it's
gonna be very diverse the better do you
do you do you personally like the
diversity in Champions does it fun to
play against unique stuff I mean top
lane it's really fun for me right now
there's a lot of bruisers
and a lot less tanks because the banner
got nerfed so I'm having fun my
teammates are like trying to learn new
champions it's kind of funny you said
you're never gonna play heimer
yeah you can't it's pretty funny like
watching my teammates learn new items
and like play different roles like so
I'm trying out support mid it's like
what the
they don't even know like what the
spells do like yeah it's it's crazy but
yeah
alright wrapping this up we were talking
a little bit before the interview about
the NA LCS Players Association you
didn't take a role on it but we were
talking before the CLG TL and TSM
players all on it why didn't you you try
to go for one of those roles feels like
a lot of work it's actually not a lot of
work but I'd rather be like the person
complaining be like I want this and then
they're the ones I have to deal with it
because they're they're our
representatives right so I'm gonna be
like I want better dusted LCS they have
to they have to like pitch it and like
make sure it goes through it's like that
so less work more freedom Peter claimed
that he nominated Vincent for treasurer
but we were talking before this you said
that's not true no I did why would he
say that
oh no why did you nominate Vincent as
treasurer
he's a very math guy and he he studied
finance in college before he went pro so
it's like something he's really into do
you think he's gonna be able to run the
budgets correctly I hope so it's just
numbers right yeah it's just numbers do
you think you used to play with Peter do
you think he's gonna get be a good vice
president um yeah I feel like Peter has
a pretty good understanding of what the
players want and on certain issues he's
very vocal so it's good and I think with
like the rest of the members combined
there won't be too much of a bias and
everything will be like even though
finally I'll just ask you about Soren
soin was voted for president and he
denied it because uh he doesn't like to
work as well it's respectable and I
think his vice president he just like
take a step back not to be in charge but
like still be there which i think is a
good role friend is there anything that
you want to say to any of the TSM fans
out there look forward to us dominating
the split by the way are you able to use
the four night players for each of
portly cards negative for not only
sponsors well they can't leave won't
share the card with you they can't you
can't ask myth to go pick up some breda
bowls for you I mean I probably can but
alright anyway thank you so much Shawn
sir for the interview for everyone else
you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things eSports right
here my youtube channel guess what guys
summer split is back and I'm partnered
up once again with Omni slash thanks so
much for their support of this YouTube
channel but you are you watching this
right now look there's so many League of
Legends interviews that are gonna hit
this month next month the month after
that the month at the point is you
should just subscribe to the channel if
you haven't already
cuz it's like the simplest thing in the
world you just literally you can do it
right now you just click or tap or
whatever you need to do to sub just sub
it helps me out a ton super appreciated
we'll have more interviews coming up and
just a bit so thanks so much